<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>

_Effective: 05.03.2021_

<h2>1. An overview of data protection</h2>
<h3>General information</h3> <p>The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.</p>
<h3>Data recording on this website</h3> <h4>Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e., the “controller”)?</h4> <p>The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)” in this Privacy Policy.</p> <h4>How do we record your data?</h4> <p>We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.</p> <p>Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g., web browser, operating system, or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access this website.</p> <h4>What are the purposes we use your data for?</h4> <p>A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.</p> <h4>What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?</h4> <p>You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients, and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.</p> <p>Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.</p>
<h2>2. Hosting and Content Delivery Networks (CDN)</h2>
<h3>External Hosting</h3> <p>This website is hosted by an external service provider (host). Personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. These may include, but are not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, metadata and communications, contract information, contact information, names, web page access, and other data generated through a web site.</p> <p>The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of secure, fast, and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).</p> <p>Our host will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data.</p> <p>We are using the following host:</p>
<p>DigitalOcean, LLC<br />
101 6th Ave, New York, NY 10013, United States</p>
<h4>Execution of a contract data processing agreement</h4> <p>In order to guarantee processing in compliance with data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing contract with our host.</p>
<h2>3. General information and mandatory information</h2>
<h3>Data protection</h3> <p>The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.</p> <p>Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.</p> <p>We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e., through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access.</p>
<h3>Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)</h3> <p>The data processing controller on this website is:</p> <p>Manuel Heidrich<br />
Märkische Aue 34, 14776 Brandenburg an der Havel</p>

<p>Phone: +49 951 96431492<br />
E-mail: hi [at] ubersetzer [dot] io</p>
 <p>The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g., names, e-mail addresses, etc.).</p>

<h3>Storage duration</h3> <p>Unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. If you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.</p>
<h3>Revocation of your consent to the processing of data</h3> <p>A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.</p>
<h3>Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)</h3> <p>IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 SECT. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 1 GDPR).</p> <p>IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 2 GDPR).</p>
<h3>Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency</h3> <p>In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.</p>
<h3>Right to data portability</h3> <p>You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.</p>
<h3>SSL and/or TLS encryption</h3> <p>For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.</p> <p>If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.</p>
<h3>Encrypted payment transactions on this website</h3> <p>If you are under an obligation to share your payment information (e.g. account number if you give us the authority to debit your bank account) with us after you have entered into a fee-based contract with us, this information is required to process payments.</p> <p>Payment transactions using common modes of paying (Visa/MasterCard, debit to your bank account) are processed exclusively via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.</p> <p>If the communication with us is encrypted, third parties will not be able to read the payment information you share with us.</p>
<h3>Information about, rectification and eradication of data</h3> <p>Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time.</p>
<h3>Right to demand processing restrictions</h3> <p>You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:</p> <ul> <li>In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.</li> <li>If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.</li> <li>If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.</li> <li>If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.</li> </ul> <p>If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.</p>
<h3>Rejection of unsolicited e-mails</h3> <p>We herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in our Site Notice to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.</p>
<h2>4. Recording of data on this website</h2>
<h3>Server log files</h3> <p>The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:</p> <ul> <li>The type and version of browser used</li> <li>The used operating system</li> <li>Referrer URL</li> <li>The hostname of the accessing computer</li> <li>The time of the server inquiry</li> <li>The IP address</li> </ul> <p>This data is not merged with other data sources.</p> <p>This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.</p>
<h3>Contact form</h3> <p>If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.</p> <p>The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your agreement (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.</p> <p>The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g., after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions, in particular retention periods.</p>
<h3>Request by e-mail, telephone, or fax</h3> <p>If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.</p> <p>These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR) if it has been obtained.</p> <p>The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.</p>
<h3>Registration on this website</h3> <p>You have the option to register on this website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise, we shall reject the registration.</p> <p>To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the e-mail address provided during the registration process.</p> <p>We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).</p> <p>The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.</p>
<h2>5. Newsletter</h2>
<h3>Newsletter data</h3> <p>If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an e-mail address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided, and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.</p> <p>The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the e-mail address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.</p> <p>The data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter or after the purpose has ceased to apply. We reserve the right to delete or block e-mail addresses from our newsletter distribution list at our own discretion within the scope of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.</p> <p>After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is indefinite. <strong>You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.</strong></p>
<h3>Sendinblue</h3> <p>This website uses Sendinblue for the sending of newsletters. The provider is the Sendinblue GmbH, Köpenicker Straße 126, 10179 Berlin, Germany.</p> <p>Sendinblue services can, among other things, be used to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters. The data you enter for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter are archived on Sendinblue’s servers in Germany.</p> <h4>Data analysis by Sendinblue</h4> <p>Sendinblue enables us to analyze our newsletter campaigns. For instance, it allows us to see whether a newsletter message has been opened and, if so, which links may have been clicked. This enables us to determine, which links drew an extraordinary number of clicks.</p> <p>Moreover, we are also able to see whether once the e-mail was opened or a link was clicked, any previously defined actions were taken (conversion rate). This allows us to determine whether you have made a purchase after clicking on the newsletter.</p> <p>Sendinblue also enables us to divide the subscribers to our newsletter into various categories (i.e., to “cluster” recipients). For instance, newsletter recipients can be categorized based on age, gender, or place of residence. This enables us to tailor our newsletter more effectively to the needs of the respective target groups.</p> <p>If you do not want to permit an analysis by Sendinblue, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. We provide a link for you to do this in every newsletter message. Moreover, you can also unsubscribe from the newsletter right on the website.</p> <p>For detailed information on the functions of Sendinblue please follow this link: <a href="https://www.sendinblue.com/newsletter-software/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://www.sendinblue.com/newsletter-software/</a>.</p> <h4>Legal basis</h4> <p>The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).  You may revoke any consent you have given at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.</p> <h4>Storage period</h4> <p>The data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data stored for other purposes with us remain unaffected.</p> <p>After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is indefinite. <strong>You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.</strong></p> <p>For more details, please consult the Data Protection Regulations of Sendinblue at: <a href="https://de.sendinblue.com/datenschutz-uebersicht/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://de.sendinblue.com/datenschutz-uebersicht/</a>.</p>
<h4>Execution of a contract data processing agreement</h4> <p>We have executed a contract with Sendinblue, in which we require Newsletters2Go to protect our customers’ data and to refrain from sharing such data with third parties.</p>
<h2>6. eCommerce and payment service providers</h2>
<h3>Processing of data (customer and contract data)</h3> <p>We collect, process, and use personal data only to the extent necessary for the establishment, content organization or change of the legal relationship (data inventory). These actions are taken on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual actions. We collect, process, and use personal data concerning the use of this website (usage data) only to the extent that this is necessary to make it possible for users to utilize the services and to bill for them.</p> <p>The collected customer data shall be eradicated upon completion of the order or the termination of the business relationship. This shall be without prejudice to any statutory retention mandates.</p>
<h3>Data transfer upon closing of contracts for services and digital content</h3> <p>We share personal data with third parties only if this is necessary in conjunction with the handling of the contract; for instance, with the financial institution tasked with the processing of payments.</p> <p>Any further transfer of data shall not occur or shall only occur if you have expressly consented to the transfer. Any sharing of your data with third parties in the absence of your express consent, for instance for advertising purposes, shall not occur.</p> <p>The basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or for pre-contractual actions.</p>
<h3>Payment services</h3> <p>We integrate payment services of third-party companies on our website. When you make a purchase from us, your payment data (e.g. name, payment amount, bank account details, credit card number) are processed by the payment service provider for the purpose of payment processing. For these transactions, the respective contractual and data protection provisions of the respective providers apply. The use of the payment service providers is based on Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (contract processing) and in the interest of a smooth, convenient, and secure payment transaction (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Insofar as your consent is requested for certain actions, Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR is the legal basis for data processing; consent may be revoked at any time for the future.</p> <p>We use the following payment services / payment service providers within the scope of this website:</p><h4>Stripe</h4> <p>The provider for customers within the EU is Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd,1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter “Stripe”).</p> <p>Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here: <a href="https://stripe.com/de/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://stripe.com/de/privacy</a> and <a href="https://stripe.com/de/guides/general-data-protection-regulation" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://stripe.com/de/guides/general-data-protection-regulation</a>.</p> <p>Details can be found in Stripe’s Privacy Policy at the following link: <a href="https://stripe.com/de/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://stripe.com/de/privacy</a>.</p>
